document flags used for the https implementation (#150)
cvmfs/doc-cvmfs: apx-parameters.rst

                                | This file can grow up to 500kB and there is one step of log rotation.
                                | Required for $\mu$CernVM.
CVMFS_WORKSPACE                 Set the local directory for storing special files (defaults to the cache directory).
CVMFS_USE_SSL_SYSTEM_CA         | When connecting to an HTTPS endpoints, 

>                                 | it will load the certificate provded by the system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                                | it will load the certificates provided by the system.
```

X509_CERT_BUNDLE                    Bundle file with CA certificates for HTTPS connections (see :ref:`sct_data`)
X509_CERT_DIR                       | Directory file with CA certificates for HTTPS connections,
                                    | defaults to /etc/grid-security/certificates (see :ref:`sct_data`)

> CVMFS_S3_USE_HTTPS                  Allow to use S3 implementation over HTTPS and not over HTTP

Reviewer: The `S3` parameters are actually described in cpt-repo.rst.  We should either move this parameter to the other chapter or move the entire table from there into the appendix.

Author: Moving this into the other.
